#The Machine Instructions Simulator (MIS) project

##Status

This project currently is in early design process. The header files and APIs are really unstable. 
Including the project's structure, the locations of these files may change anytime.

##Build

This project uses cmake to build, based on c++14. Currently, major development is under Clion.

###Goals

This is a programming project that is designed to let you utilize all the concepts
and apply all the libraries, tools, and advanced programming techniques
explained in class to build a middleware for the Machine Instruction Simulator
(MIS), which is in the form of a virtual machine capable of executing an
instruction set. The project is composed of two phases, where the second phase
builds on top of the first one. It is required also to conduct a UML Object Oriented
Design and maintain it through constructive updates and evolution through out
the development and the buildup of the middleware.


###Problem Description

MIS is a virtual machine that is designed to execute a set of instructions. An MIS
program is represented by a set of variable declarations and a set of instructions
that operates on the set of defined variables. A program is introduced to the MIS
in a text file with the extension `.mis` and the results are stored in 2 files; `.out`
which should include the output of a the target MIS running program, and `.err`
which should include all the parse and runtime errors generated by the MIS
virtual machine during execution.
An MIS program is built up of two sections. The first section defines all the
variables to be used throughout the program execution, and the second section
has all the instructions to be executed which builds up the program’s sequential
logic. For simplicity, all variables in an MIS program are global variables where
local variables or subroutines are not supported by the MIS virtual machine.
Every variable definition and program instruction needs to be written on a
separate line, and should not exceed 1024 characters.
The MIS specification supports 4 data types from which variables can be
declared and defined. The following table presents all the MIS variable types:

|  Name   | Description               | Size In Bytes   |
|---------|---------------------------|-----------------|
| NUMERIC | Non-Decimal numeric value | 8               |
| REAL    | Decimal numeric value     | 8               |
| CHAR    | A char                    | 1               |
| STRING  | A char array              | Ranges of 1-256 |